[18.0][OU-ADD] website_sale_collect: Migration scripts. Renamed from website_sale_picking (#5349)
OCA/OpenUpgrade: openupgrade_scripts/scripts/website_sale_collect/18.0.1.0/upgrade_analysis_work.txt

---Models in module 'website_sale_collect'---
---Fields in module 'website_sale_collect'---
website_sale_collect / delivery.carrier         / warehouse_ids (many2many)     : NEW relation: stock.warehouse
website_sale_picking / delivery.carrier         / warehouse_id (many2one)       : DEL relation: stock.warehouse
# DONE: post-migration: convert data many2one to many2many

website_sale_collect / stock.warehouse          / opening_hours (many2one)      : NEW relation: resource.calendar
# NOTHING TO DO: New feature, the location selector only displays the opening hours info if it is set.
# added in https://github.com/odoo/odoo/commit/087c48c4ed2eff55361a2b9fa925800dbdc46fab

website_sale_picking / delivery.carrier         / delivery_type (False)         : selection_keys added: [gelato, in_store], removed: [onsite]
website_sale_picking / payment.provider         / custom_mode (False)           : selection_keys added: [on_site], removed: [onsite]

> # DONE: post-migration: map values
> # delivery.carrier: onsite > in_store.
> # payment.provide: onsite > on_site

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# DONE: pre-migration: copy columns for preserving values.
# DONE: post-migration: map values: delivery.carrier: onsite > in_store. payment.provider: onsite > on_site
```

Author: Done, Thanks

NEW ir.ui.view: website_sale_collect.in_store_delivery_method
NEW ir.ui.view: website_sale_collect.product_page_click_and_collect
NEW ir.ui.view: website_sale_collect.stock_picking_form
NEW ir.ui.view: website_sale_collect.stock_warehouse_form
NEW ir.ui.view: website_sale_collect.unavailable_products_warning
DEL ir.ui.view: website_sale_picking.checkout_delivery
DEL ir.ui.view: website_sale_picking.payment_method_form
# NOTHING TO DO: handled by ORM

NEW delivery.carrier: website_sale_collect.carrier_pick_up_in_store (noupdate)
DEL delivery.carrier: website_sale_picking.default_onsite_carrier (noupdate)
NEW payment.provider: website_sale_collect.payment_provider_on_site
DEL payment.provider: website_sale_picking.payment_provider_onsite
NEW product.product: website_sale_collect.product_pick_up_in_store (noupdate)
DEL product.product: website_sale_picking.onsite_delivery_product (noupdate)
NEW ir.ui.view: website_sale_collect.delivery_carrier_form
DEL ir.ui.view: website_sale_picking.view_delivery_carrier_form_with_onsite_picking
NEW ir.ui.view: website_sale_collect.res_config_settings_form
DEL ir.ui.view: website_sale_picking.res_config_settings_view_form

> # DONE: pre-migration: rename XML-IDs for this data according this commit https://github.com/odoo/odoo/commit/087c48c4ed2eff55361a2b9fa925800dbdc46fab

Reviewer: Have you taking into account possible fields that were filled in previous version and in this one they are missing (so preserving old value)?

Author: These lines don’t have `noupdate="1"` and they are also views. What are you referring to? Sorry, but I don’t completely understand what you mean.

Reviewer: There are four lines in this block that are noupdate.

Reviewer: Sorry, I have mixed things as you have answered at the same time.

I mean for example this:

```
<record id="old_id">
  <field name="field_x">VALUE</field>
</record>
```

```
<record id="new_id">
</record>
```

so the field `field_x` remains with `VALUE` while it should be empty.

Author: I manually generated the `noupdate_changes.xml` file. Could you please let me know if it’s OK, or if I need to adapt something?
